Update SB SDK to T2 (#3)
Azure-Samples/service-bus-dotnet-manage-with-claims-based-authorization: README.md

---
page_type: sample
languages:
  - csharp
products:
  - azure
  - dotnet
  - azure-service-bus
description: "This sample shows how to manage Service Bus manage Queues with claims based authorization"
urlFragment: service-bus-dotnet-manage-with-claims-based-authorization
---

> # Getting started on managing Service Bus with claims based authorization in C#

Reviewer: I don't know that this title is accurate;  with this title, I would expect to be seeing something that demonstrates a management plane library doing ARM functions .   As currently structured, this sample isn't focused on that.

Reviewer 2: After reconsider this sample, I think this is not too bad to use at here.

## Prerequisites

To complete this tutorial:

> If you don't have an Azure subscription, create a [free account] before you begin.

Reviewer: I feel like this should be fleshed out with more context.   An example of what we use elsewhere:

```suggestion
- **Azure Subscription:**  To use Azure services, including Azure Service Bus, you'll need a subscription.  If you do not have an existing Azure account, you may sign up for a [free trial](https://azure.microsoft.com/free) or use your [Visual Studio Subscription](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/subscriptions/) benefits when you [create an account](https://account.windowsazure.com/Home/Index).
```
